---
date: "2007-08-16T22:16:00+00:00"
draft: false
tags: 
title: "Running around naked"
---
Remember the [CSS Naked Day](http://naked.dustindiaz.com)? I’m
joining in a bit off schedule, and for slightly different reasons:
After a bit of
[finetuning](http://localhost:3000/2006/3/16/finetuning) in March,
I’m going style-naked as a way to force myself into an iterative
redesign. Plans are to “publish early and often” and use chillu.com
for fast prototyping in CSS, so expect some inconsistencies over
the next weeks. I’ll document the process as its coming along, and
looking forward to your feedback (yes, I’ve resurrected the
commenting-system!).

Behind the scenes, I’ve switched from [Typo3](http://www.typo3.org)
/[Timtab](http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/timtab) to
[Mephisto](http://www.mephistoblog.com) – and from PHP to Ruby on
Rails. Typo3 has served me well for the time being, and enabled me
to develop custom solutions like the portfolio-area. It just wasn’t
very strong on ease-of-use, templating, and simply not the right
choice to satisfy the needs of a simple blog. chillu.com has always
been my playground for new technology, so with the switch I’m
hoping to spend more time experimenting with a solid framework and
some frontend-goodies. [Silverstripe](http://www.silverstripe.com)
(my employer) also builds an
[open-source blog-module](http://www.silverstripe.com/modules/),
which came close second. My main objective for the switch was
extending my knowledge, and I’m programming PHP/Silverstripe quite
a lot anyway. I’m already missing the extensibility of the
Silverstripe framework, but having fun times learning a new system
instead – it’s a tradeoff.

Going naked also emphasises the most important thing in any blog:
content! With less interface and configuration getting in my way, I
hope to spend more time actually producing meaningful content, with
proper markup and semantics. Mephisto also brought some new goodies
out of the box, namely: [Tags](#tags), [search](#search) and
comments with [textile markup](http://textile.thresholdstate.com).
Yay!



